# hello-world
a place where you store ideas, resources, or even share and discuss things with others.
Operational Technology (OT) describes a piece of software or hardware that directly interacts with the physical world. It either receives information about the environment outside of itself through sensors; or, using actuators, it can make alterations to that environment. OT components represent the data sources ingested into the Industrial Internet, the points of connection between the physical and the digital. Industrial Control Systems(ICSs) are examples of OT, used to monitor and control the processes and interactions between sensors and actuators. ICSs have existed for as long as industrial processes; but the Industrial Internet—by connecting sensors, actuators, and control systems with cloud-based systems—provides ICSs with new meaning.
The Industrial Internet is weaving together OT systems with IT (Information Technology) systems, via a concept called OT / IT convergence, now enabling end-to-end automation of complex processes such as asset optimization, monitoring, repair and maintenance. In an effort to create consistency within Industrial Internet systems, the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) drafted the Industrial Internet Reference Architecture. The reference architecture has classified Industrial Internet systems into distinct domains, such as control, operations, information, application, and business. The Predix platform is an exemplary implementaton of the Industrial Internet Reference Architecture.
Key technologies incorporated into the Industrial Internet Reference Architecture include: M2M (machine-to-machine) software; MOM (message oriented middleware) and protocol converters; data management software, including software for asset (master) data management, SQL / NoSQL data storage and processing, and in particular time series data management (traditionally addressed via historians); analytics and machine-learning software; mobile (online/offline) technology and UX design; and  cybersecurity software.
